Modify S1117: Migrate To LayC - shadow variables (#3270)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S1117/why-fields.adoc

== Why is this an issue?

Shadowing occurs when a local variable has the same name as a variable or a field in an outer scope.

include::./problems.adoc[]

> To avoid these problems, rename the shadowing, shadowed, or both variables/fields to accurately represent their purpose with unique and meaningful names.

Author: Ditto, WDYT of 
```suggestion
To avoid these problems, rename the shadowing, shadowed, or both identifiers to accurately represent their purpose with unique and meaningful names.
```

> It improves clarity and allows reasoning locally about the code without considering other software parts.

Author: The sentence applies to the other case. When you rename the local variable to keep using it instead of the global, you can reason about the code without considering more than the current scope. But I see your point; it doesn't bring much except maybe confusion.
